[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action film infinite
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
one night in the city center a man named
treadway driving a red sports car
is escaping the police it seems that he
has stolen something
which gets him in trouble his leg is
injured so he treats the wound with a
lighter while driving
he fights against the enemy along the
way even takes down the helicopter that
is attacking him
he gets rid of some chasing police in a
tunnel
meanwhile treadway's two teammates are
in another back car
also chased by police it turns out they
are from the same organization
treadway later reaches a bridge only to
find that the bridge is blocked
but there is no way going back since the
police are coming after him
so he drives off the bridge and jumps
from the car onto a crane with a rope
behind the car falls and explodes but
lucky enough
he and the suitcase are intact however
his friends are not so lucky
their car is knocked over and they pass
out when they wake up they
find a man in a suit pointing a gun at
them they hold hands
and promise to find each other in their
next life
then they are shot by the man and the
car explodes
treadway witnesses everything from above
the next second he wakes up in his bed
it just seems like a dream
and he is called evan in this life but
everything feels so real to him
he has been having dreams like that
which makes him believe he has suffered
some mental illnesses
he needs to take medicine every day to
meet the end
he applies for a manager position the
interview goes pretty well
until the interviewer finds out that he
was once institutionalized
he doesn't get the job obviously but he
needs money for the medicine
so he forges a katana for a gangster for
exchange
he never has the experience as a
bladesmith but he is quite good at
when he gives the katana to the gangster
the payment he receives is less than
agreed
before he can argue for more he is
threatened with a gun
the gangster boss suddenly waves the
katana at the girl sitting on the sofa
he wants to test how fast the katana is
with the girl's arm
seeing this evan rests the katana and
holds the boss hostage
when he leaves he takes the medicine
with him in the end
he gets away with it just when he climbs
over the wall a familiar scene appears
before him
it was on a cliff covered by snow and he
was hanging on it with a girl
confused and distracted evan falls off
the wall and hits a car badly
at the same time it seems that eva is
being watched by some mysterious
organization
an old man who looks like a scientist
checks the detector
and says soon evan will be found evan is
later arrested for carrying illegal
drugs
he is taken back to the police station
and suffers the interrogation
from a bald guy with all his angry hair
attached to his face
the angry mustache recounts what evan
has done since he was a boy
he even knows evan was institutionalized
when he was little
it seems he knows everything about his
life later the angry mustache brings
lots of stuff
from a bag he places them in front of
evan and asks him which one belongs to
him
evan has no impression of these things
except for the katana
then the angry mustache threatens him
that every time he says
i don't know he will pull the trigger
finally
a slingshot reminds evan of some
memories of his past life
evan grabs the gun on the table when the
angry mustache doesn't pay attention
but there is no bullet in the gun
instead of being angry
the angry mustache is quite happy to see
that that's what the real evan he used
to know would do
while he is speaking a car slams into
the room
a girl called nora comes out of the car
and rescues evan
she is the girl in the black car at the
beginning but got killed by the gunman
nora and evan get on the car and race
out of the building
the angry mustache comes after them the
car evan is in
is equipped with high technologies even
the steering wheel is retractable
because of that they get rid of the
angry mustache successfully
and arrive at a warehouse or park some
airplanes
evan doesn't know the girl yet but the
girl knows him pretty much
and tells him that he has a superpower
of reincarnation
and that all his recurring dreams are
real in order to prove she is not lying
they get on a plane meanwhile the angry
mustache is conducting a strange
ritual he gets his face covered with a
cloth while the water keeps pouring onto
it
trying to irritate his mustache for more
power
a blonde girl thinks that they should
hunt them immediately before it's too
late
on the plane nora tells evan that the
reason he keeps having such dreams
is because he is gifted with a special
power there are less than 500 people
across the world
who has the same power they believe it's
their responsibility
to make the world better not long after
they arrive at the hub
for evan can retrieve his memories of
past lives on the way to his office
where he worked in the past life
he sees many people practicing martial
arts when he looks at a picture
he recalls something on the snow
mountain later they follow the head of
research to a sandbox
where they see the angry mustache in an
armor it turns out that the angry
mustache and evan
were friends but the angry mustache lost
his faith and considers reincarnation
occurs
so he decides to end this the angry
mustache set up a research center in new
york
and develops a magic egg a powerful
weapon that can exterminate all life on
earth
evan is treadways reincarnation it's
shown previously that he stole the egg
in his past life
and stopped the evil plan when he got
the egg he took it with him to the grave
as a result its location remains unknown
to anybody
including evan himself meanwhile the
angry mustache and the blonde girl find
the scientists
that mentioned evan before they want to
torture him for heaven's location
but the scientist would not tell him
anything in a rage
the angry mustache shoots the scientist
evan stays in the hub to retrieve his
memory through
all sorts of focused training he even
recreates
all the fighting scenes of all his lives
before reincarnation
to see if it can help him recall
anything but to no avail
the researcher thinks that it is because
there is something inside his head
that stops the flow of memory resulting
in the failure to regain his memory
the only way is to seek help from the
artisan
soon the angry mustache finds the hub
and sneaks into it in one morning
the angry mustache ambushes the hub and
arrests the researcher
luckily evan and nora have left for the
casino to look for the artisan
who is doing experiments on the corpse
the artisan is a nice guy
and agrees to help evan however what
they don't know
is that the angry mustache has installed
devices to monitor how evan gets his
memory back
evan enters a device filled with water
as required by the artisan
in a few minutes his recent memory
reappears
but is not continuous and it is not what
they want
so they prolong the experiment time they
don't expect when they get evan out
he has no pulse just when they are
feeling sorry for him
he comes back to life with all the
memories he remembers where he hid the
egg
it was inside his body of previous life
just when they decide to go back to the
hub and find the body
the angry mustache who hears everything
sends killers to stop them
during the fight evan is shot and one of
his teammates is killed
the big beard decides to stay behind and
buy some time for evan to escape
somebody has to make the sacrifice while
stuck in such an awkward situation
shortly after the big beard is
overpowered and shaved to death by the
angry mustache
evan faints due to losing too much blood
nora plans to stop the angry mustache by
herself
so she asks the artisan to take care of
evan meanwhile
the angry mustache has got evan's body
of previous life
and the egg everything goes as planned
nora fights fiercely with the angry
mustaches men but she is outnumbered
just when she is going to fall into the
sea evan and the artisan come for the
rescue
the artisan attacks the enemy in the
helicopter while evan
nora goes straight to the headquarter
unluckily they are spotted by the blonde
girl
their car gets shot and knocked over
nora is wounded
so she decides to stay behind and
destroy the hard drive
evan rides a motorbike to chase the
angry mustache who is running away with
a bald egg in a plane
right then evan jumps onto the plane
from a cliff and holds on to it with his
knife
suddenly his power from previous lives
awakes
by use of that power he manages to get
into the plane
just when he is about to destroy the egg
he is shot by the angry mustache
and passes out but soon he has recovered
and even pushes the bullet out of his
body the two then fall into a fierce
fight
during the chaos the plane is severely
damaged and a device with the egg inside
falls out of the plane evan jumps out of
the plane to get the egg and the angry
mustache follows him tightly
soon after bevin manages to destroy the
egg and finally terminate the angry
mustache
but in the end he drowns in the sea with
the egg
meanwhile nora kills the blonde girl but
she's also badly injured
before dying she detonates a bomb and
sets all the trapped souls free
including her dead boyfriend later they
are both reborn as fat
babies nora fulfills her promise and
meets her reincarnated boyfriend
although in another identity years later
evan grows up to be an asian martial art
trainer
one day after his training the artisan
shows up
evan says that he's been waiting for him
for so long
this is daniel cc movie channel bye